DOCSP-48487 Move usage examples (#1071)
mongodb/docs-node: source/crud/query/distinct.txt

   [ "Borgatti's", "Samba Kitchen", "Tanoreen", "Via Carota", "White Bear", "Äpfel" ]

.. _node-usage-distinct:

distinct() Usage Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: /includes/crud/example-intro.rst

The following snippet retrieves a list of distinct values for the ``year``
document field from the ``movies`` collection. It uses a query document to

> match movies that include "Barbara Streisand" as a ``director``.

Reviewer: S: monospace all values including strings, also avoid using the name of a field as the noun it means. I think that referring to them as fields/field names makes translation and interpretation easier
```suggestion
match movies that include ``"Barbara Streisand"`` in the ``director`` array.
```

.. tabs::

  .. tab:: JavaScript
     :tabid: javascript

     .. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/usage-examples/distinct.js
        :language: javascript
        :linenos:

  .. tab:: TypeScript
     :tabid: typescript

     .. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/usage-examples/distinct.ts
        :language: typescript
        :linenos:

> Running the preceding example, you see the following output:

Reviewer: S; this text seems to vary across pages. COnsider standardizing
